[Adblock Plus 2.0]
! Placing "[Adblock Plus 2.0]" on top, is a universal way to tell adblockers that this is an adblock list. It is mandatory for Adblock Plus, but is optional for uBlock Origin.

! "Title" is what the list shall be called by the adblock tools when it's been added to them.
! Title:

! "Expires" is how often the adblock tool shall attempt to look for changes in the source list. Shorter times will keep users more updated, while longer times can help reduce server stress for very popular lists.
! Adblock Plus accepts "hours" as the smallest value, while uBlock Origin has "days" as the smallest value and will round "hours" up to 1 day.
! Expires:

! (Optional) "Version", or "Last updated", is a way for users and issue trackers to find out if a user uses the newest version of a list. The common convention is to include at least the date of the update. The value should be changed for each time the list is altered.
! Adblock Plus recommends that "Version" is a numerical-only value, but this is only necessary if you intend for your list to be included in Adblock Plus or on its websites.
! Version:

! (Optional but recommended) "License", or "Licence", is a way to easily tell people how and where your list can be used. It's most common to use an open-source licence, e.g. MIT, GPL, Creative Commons, etc. The convention is to spell out the licence, or to add a link to it.
! License:

! (Optional) "Homepage" is where the main hub of your adblocking activities are. It can be a link to Git repository (e.g. GitHub, GitLab, etc.), a website, or a blog.
! Homepage:

! (Optional) "Issues" tells users where they can report any issues they come across with your list. It's most commonly the Issues section in the git repository, but can also be a comment section, a forum thread, or an E-mail address.
! Issues:

! (Optional) "Description" is a tag for the paid version of AdGuard, that holds text that is shown when users hover over the "(?)" button next to the list. It's also a convenient way for non-AdGuard users to easily see what the list is about.
! Description:

! (Optional; does not work in Adblock Plus) If you have made multiple lists on the same server, and want the users of one list to auto-load another list, you can use "!#include" followed by the filename of the other list to do so. You can usually only include lists from the same repo or server. Multiple lists can be included. PS: It'd be bad sport to abuse this function by adding lists about irrelevant topics.
!#include
!#include

! All comments that are not list entries, shall be prefaced by a ! or a #. This tells the adblocker that this line does not indicate a thing that shall be blocked. This is conventionally used to write remarks, or to explain the purpose of the entry/entries that are below that line.
! For more information, check out https://sproutsluckycorner.wordpress.com/2018/07/21/how-to-create-your-own-adblock-list-for-dummies/

! ↓ Paste your filterlist entries below: ↓
